[Music]
six easy exercises that will give you
perfect abs
all you need is a multi-purpose abs
workout and you'll see the difference in
no time but before you get your exercise
mat out don't forget that there are even
more workout videos on the bright side
of life
just click Subscribe turn on this
notification belt and voila now you'll
always be the first to find out all the
news but back to our training a lot of
training programs and workouts don't
give great results simply because they
target only one muscle build as a result
it gets an amazing workout while the
other muscles are basically abandoned so
the solution is easy you have to train
all the muscle groups during your
workout and that's exactly what we're
going to do so let's begin with your
upper abs exercise number one splinter
situps start the exercise by lying on
your back now sit up with an explosive
movement bringing your right knee to
your chest and swinging your left arm
forward as if running then return to the
initial position and repeat the same
thing for your left knee and right arm
let's do it 10 times for each leg
starting with your right one are you
ready 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 wonderful now
for the left side 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
good job if you want to change things up
a bit when doing this workout in the
future you can always do ab v-ups
bicycle crunches or tabletop crunches
instead they're all great for working
out your upper abs and giving them
definitions but now it's time for your
lower abs to get their dose of training
exercise number two scissors
lie on your back place your hands
underneath your hips and lift your head
off the ground from this position lift
your right leg as high as you can while
keeping your left leg hovering just off
the ground then simply change legs let's
do it sixteen times eight for each leg
okay lift your right leg high one now
change it for the left one two keep
doing the same three four five six seven
eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen
fourteen fifteen sixteen amazing you're
in great shape
once again you can always spice things
up a bit and do a mountain climber
slider Pike or straight leg raise to
give you lower abs a good workout okay
now who wants a gorgeous six-pack let's
work on it
[Music]
exercise number three reverse crunches
once again lie on your back and put your
hands beneath your hips now bend your
knees and lift them toward your head
drawing them slightly upward at the end
of your movement finish the exercise by
lowering your feet back down just above
the floor we'll repeat it 15 times so
let's begin one two three four five six
seven eight nine ten eleven twelve
thirteen fourteen fifteen nice you're
one step closer to a perfect six-pack if
you want your muscles to do some
additional work you can sometimes
replace reverse crunches with jackknife
setups hanging knee raises or seated leg
tucks the results certainly won't
disappoint you but let's move right
along to your oblique muscles
exercise number four Russian twists sit
on the floor with your knees bent your
feet slightly above the ground your back
off the ground at 45 degrees and your
arms locked together and held away from
your body while in this position swing
your arms from side to side in a
twisting motion 20 times got into
position then let's go 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
10 good 10 more to go 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
splendid don't forget that you can also
do side plank dips spider-mans or side
bends to challenge your oblique muscles
a bit more but we still have two more
exercises to go exercise number five
playing pretty much every workout out
there has a plank in it and it's not
surprising at all since it involves tons
of muscle groups including your abs
which can be toned up faster than you
think if you do planks regularly so get
into the upper push-up position with
your elbows bent and try to maintain
this position for the next 30 seconds
let's set the timer and 1 2 3 go
planks complement the exercises we've
done before perfectly significantly
increasing their effect as it becomes
easier for you to hold a plank for 30
seconds you can increase the time by 30
seconds to 60 seconds and then 90
seconds you can even try the famous
plank challenge by the way you're doing
great
keep going and done you're on fire today
but don't lose this energy just yet as I
have one more exercise for your core
muscles
exercise number six sliding pipe before
continuing on with this exercise make
sure that the flow is smooth and not
carpeted if it is use paper plates as
sliders for now and don't forget to get
professional sliders later start in a
plank position with your arms straight
slowly raise your hips and pull your
toes up towards your hands without
bending your knees so that your body
looks like an inverted letter V hold
this pose for two to three seconds and
then go back to the initial position all
clear then let's do it 15 times one and
hold it for a bit good and 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
9 10 11 12 13 14 and 15
now you can officially give yourself a
pat on the back you made it and it
wasn't that difficult after all right oh
and by the way good replacements for the
sliding pike include bridges Superman
side planks and many other exercises
you'll definitely enjoy so whenever you
get bored of doing the same workout
routine you can just use these other
exercises that target the same muscle
groups and there you go that's your
workout for perfectly toned abs don't
forget to repeat this training session
once or twice a week to enjoy the best
results you can expect an even quicker
effect if you avoid fast-food sugary
drinks and other unhealthy snacks after
all we should treat our bodies with
respect right so as long as we take care
of ourselves inside and out we'll always
look our best
[Music]
but what about you do you know any other
exercises for perfectly toned apps and
which one of these was the most
difficult for you tell us in the
comments below if you've enjoyed this
little training session be sure to hit
the like button and share the video with
your friends maybe you'll start working
out together and for more bright side
videos just click Subscribe and join the
family see you soon